=head1 NAME

Text-Similarity version 0.03

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Text-Similarity is a Perl module that allows a user to measure the  
similarity between two files. Similarity is based on counting the 
number of overlapping words between the two files, and is normalized by 
the length of the files. 

Pleased note that the smallest unit we are considered for matches are  
white space separated strings. 

'The cat and the hat' and 'These cats and these hats' will only result 
in similarity between 'and', matches below the word level are not 
measured. 

=head1 CONTENTS

When the distribution is unpacked, several subdirectories are created:

=over

=item /bin

This directory contains a driver program called text_compare.pl that can 
be used to conveniently measure two files for similarity.

Please see the perldoc for this program for more details.

=item /lib

This directory contains the Perl modules that do the actual work of
disambiguation. By default, these files are installed into
/usr/local/lib/perl5/site_perl/PERL_VERSION (where PERL_VERSION is the
version of Perl you are using).  See the INSTALL file for more information.

=item /doc

This directory contains all of the *pod files used to document the 
system. These are processed via pod2text and the output of this is 
placed in the top level directory, although these top level text files 
should be considered read only.

=item /t

This directory contains test scripts.  These scripts are run when you
execute 'make test'.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<http://text-similarity.sourceforge.net> 

=head1 AUTHORS

Ted Pedersen, University of Minnesota, Duluth
tpederse at d.umn.edu

Siddharth Patwardhan 
sidd at cs.utah.edu 

Satanjeev Banerjee 
banerjee at cs.cmu.edu 

Jason Michelizzi 

Last modified by:
$Id: README.pod,v 1.7 2008/03/20 03:07:58 tpederse Exp $

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

Copyright (C) 2004-2008 by Jason Michelizzi, Ted Pedersen, Siddharth 
Patwardhan, Satanjeev Banerjee

Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.2 or
any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no
Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.

Note: a copy of the GNU Free Documentation License is available on the
web at <http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html> and is included in this
distribution as FDL.txt.

=cut
